                                   @ Mall Customer Data Sgmentation

@ Source : Kaggle

@ Overview of the project :
--> In this project we are going to perform clustering analysis on mall customer dataset. Further , we are going to 
visualize the dataset set in different ways(As Clustering means grouping, it means we will plot the data for some dist
ributions or kind of density plots) and further on we are going to deploy different clustering algorithms in order to under
stand the dataset more clearly and with the proper implementation of clustering algorithms we will able to understnad the
format of the data adn can make future insights.


@ Understanding the dataset :
--> We are taking dataset from kaggle , mall_customers dataset. It is actually a simple dataset and its quit easy to understand
the pattern of the data. As it has unique customer id , gender of customer , age , annual income in k-dollars andd the
speding course.

@ Steps for the task :
1) Our very first step will be importing the required python libraries like numpy, pandas, matplotlib, seaborn, scikit-learn

2) In the 2nd step we will import the dataset and will read the dataset. And also we will perform some modifications on 
the dataset such as we are going to describe the data and aslo check for the null values.

3) In this step we are going to visualize the dataset for different aspects. By visualizing , it will be easy to find 
corelations in the data. By visualizing we can compare the male and female shopping score and their annual income , we 
can see the distribution of the age so we can summarise what age group is prefered shopping the most , also we are going
to see distribution for annual income and spending scrores too.

4) Later on we are now moving towards our main objective of the project is to clustring analysis on the mall_customer
dataset. 

5) Continue to the 4th step , 1st we will go for K-means algorithm , where we will find no of clusters by using the elbow
method and we are going to visualize this clusters for better understanding. And with this algorithm we will able to see
the segments of the data which our aim.

6) Onwards, we use hierachical and the density algorithms and in this algorithms we will also going to make senments for the
dataset.